hello that as you know valentine
is around the corner so
thought of making the two desserts very
easy for that special day with
Strawberries and chocolate I hope you like it
lets go see it
in the first option we will use a
mold me this time has used
a toe-shaped heart and what
what we are going to do is fill them all
with melted chocolate but only
Up to the middle
then we will place over
small pieces of strawberries
we have to prevent them from touching the
mold walls so that when
we unmold the chocolate do not protrude the
strawberries of this
we will finish filling the hearts
for the melted chocolate
and one of us have all the
we will put in the refrigerator until the
chocolate solidify well
we unmold the hearts
and ready some delicious chocolates
in the second option we will place the
chocolate melted in a glass we will take
a strawberry and we bathe it in chocolate
stop liking in excess the
place on the baking paper and
we will continue with the rest
once we have them we will all
in the refrigerator until the chocolate
solidify
when it has done we will take a
sachet
we will make some folds out
and I have myself inside the lamps
melted if you have no way is of
colors you can use white chocolate
then we will take everything to
a corner we will cut the tip a little
and now we just have to decorate the
strawberries to our liking
time to resist these dams
disappeared simple truth good
I hope you liked it and wish
utility do not forget to give it I like
If you have searched and subscribed to
channel see you in the next video
sound